I remember the way you cleanse the bay
as I remember I remember when we got a
shooting star as I remember I remember
all the things that we shared and the
promise we made just you and I I
remember all the left here we shared all
the wishes we made upon the roof at dawn
do you remember when we were dancing in
the rain in that December
and I remember
when my father thought you were a
burglar
I remember all the things that we shared
and the promise we made just you and I
I remember all the left-rear we shared
all the wishes remain upon the reflector
do you remember when we were dancing in
the rain in that December
and I remember when my father thought
you were a burglar
I remember all the things that we should
and the promise we made just you and I
I remember all the last year we shared
all the wishes remain upon the
respective
buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh
buh bah
buh-buh-buh
as I remember all the things that we
shared and the promise we made to shoe
and
I remember all the left-rear we shared
all the wishes we made upon the roof
that day
I remember the way you rip your books as
I remember the way you talk your shoes
yes I remember the cake you love the
most as I remember
the way you drank your coffee I remember
we got a shooting star yes I remember we
were together a novel
you smile at me
remember
you